Journal article template draft (#2)
arfc/journal-article-template: README.md

# journal-article-template
=======

This repository contains a template for journal
articles published by Elsevier. This template
repository is largely derived from the github
repository for the paper "Synergistic Spent Nuclear
Fuel Dynamics Within the European Union" by Bae et
al., and initialized from that repository to preserve
the original git and contribution histories.

# Outline

> The `base` directory should contain all TeX files for

Reviewer: This makes it seem like there's a directory called "base". I believe you mean this:
```suggestion
The top-level directory should contain all TeX files for
```

the journal article itself.

The `graph-abs` directory holds all files for the
graphical abstract.

The `highlights` directory holds all files for the
3-5 bullet point highlights.

The `letter` directory holds all files for the cover
letter to the journal editor and reviewers.

The `revise` directory holds all files for revision
comments and the corresponding edits. Each new round
of revisions should be covered in a separate TeX
file.

# To compile
Run `make` after making appropriate edits to the

> `main.tex` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`main.tex` file and adding content to other tex files as needed.
```
